docs/api/event.md, before:

# Event

## Crontab

The **Crontab** is schedule object that receive crontab value and able to generate
datetime value with next or previous with any start point of an input datetime.

!!! example "YAML"

    === "Cron"

        ```yaml
        on_every_5_min:
          type: Crontab
          cron: "*/5 * * * *"
        ```

| field          | data type   |    default    | description |
|----------------|-------------|:-------------:|-------------|

!!! note "Usage"

    ```python
    from ddeutil.workflow.cron import Crontab

    # NOTE: Start load the on data from `.yaml` template file with this key.
    schedule = Crontab.from_conf(name='on_every_5_min', extras={})

    assert '*/5 * * * *' == str(schedule.cronjob)

    cron_iter = schedule.generate('2022-01-01 00:00:00')

    assert "2022-01-01 00:05:00" f"{cron_iter.next:%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S}"
    assert "2022-01-01 00:10:00" f"{cron_iter.next:%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S}"
    assert "2022-01-01 00:15:00" f"{cron_iter.next:%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S}"
    ```

## CrontabYear

The `Crontab` model that add Year unit.

Commit message:

:page_facing_up: docs: update mkdocs on job and event sections.

docs/api/event.md, after:

# Event

An Event module keep all triggerable object to the Workflow model. The simple
event trigger that use to run workflow is `Crontab` model.

Now, it has only `Crontab` and `CrontabYear` event models in this module because
I think it is the core event for workflow orchestration.

## Crontab

The **Crontab** is schedule object that receive crontab value and able to generate
datetime value with next or previous with any start point of an input datetime.

!!! example "YAML"

    === "Cron"

        ```yaml
        on_every_5_min:
          type: Crontab
          cron: "*/5 * * * *"
        ```

| field   | data type    | default | description                                                  |
|---------|--------------|:-------:|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| cronjob | CronJob      |         | An extras parameters that want to pass to the CronJob field. |
| tz      | TimeZoneName |  `UTC`  | A timezone string value.                                     |

!!! note "Usage"

    ```python
    from ddeutil.workflow.cron import Crontab

    # NOTE: Start load the on data from `.yaml` template file with this key.
    schedule = Crontab.from_conf(name='on_every_5_min', extras={})

    assert '*/5 * * * *' == str(schedule.cronjob)

    cron_iter = schedule.generate('2022-01-01 00:00:00')

    assert "2022-01-01 00:05:00" f"{cron_iter.next:%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S}"
    assert "2022-01-01 00:10:00" f"{cron_iter.next:%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S}"
    assert "2022-01-01 00:15:00" f"{cron_iter.next:%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S}"
    ```

## CrontabYear

The `Crontab` model that add the Year unit for limit the year value.

    === "Cron"

        ```yaml
        on_every_5_min:
          type: CrontabYear
          cron: "*/5 * * * * *"
        ```

| field   | data type    | default | description                                                  |
|---------|--------------|:-------:|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| cronjob | CronJobYear  |         | An extras parameters that want to pass to the CronJob field. |
| tz      | TimeZoneName |  `UTC`  | A timezone string value.                                     |
