docs/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started

This quick start use-case is getting data from external API and then prepare these
data and finally, aggregate them into the silver data zone by daily basis.

## Prerequisite

I will use only the core package of the workflow and run with manual action.

```shell
$ pip install uv
$ uv pip install -U ddeutil-workflow
```

**Project structure:**

```text
project/
 ├─ conf/
 │   ╰─ manual-workflow.yml
 ├─ logs/
 ├─ src/
 │   ╰─ hooks/
 │       ├─ __init__.py
 │       ╰─ https_hook.py
 ├─ main.py
 ╰─ .env
```

## Getting Started

Create initial config path at `.env`:

```dotenv
WORKFLOW_AUDIT_ENABLE_WRITE=true
WORKFLOW_CORE_REGISTRY=src
WORKFLOW_CORE_TIMEZONE=Asia/Bangkok
```

Create the first pipeline template at `./conf/manual-workflow.yml`:

```yaml title="./conf/manual-workflow.yml"
wf-run-manual:
  type: Workflow
  params:
    run_date: datetime
  jobs:
    stage-to-curated:
      stages:
        - name: "Extract data from external API"
          uses: tasks/https-external@httpx
          with:
            url: "https://some-endpoint/api/v1/extract"
            auth: "http_conn_id"
            incremental: {{ params.run_date }}
```

Create the hook function that use on your stage.

```python title="./src/__init__.py"
from .https_hook import *
```

```python title="./src/https_hook.py"
from ddeutil.workflow.hook import tag


@tag("httpx", alias="https-external")
def dummy_task_polars_dir(url: str, auth: str) -> dict[str, int]:
    print(f"Start POST: {url} with auth: {auth}")
    return {"counts": 0}
```

## Run Workflow

### Execute

At the `main.py` file:

```python title="./main.py"
from ddeutil.workflow import Workflow
from ddeutil.workflow.result import Result


def call_execute():
    result: Result = (
        Workflow
        .from_loader('wf-run-manual')
        .execute(params={"run_date": "2024-08-01"})
    )
    print(result)


if __name__ == '__main__':
    call_execute()
```

### Release

At the `main.py` file:

```python title="./main.py"
from datetime import datetime
from ddeutil.workflow import Workflow, config
from ddeutil.workflow.result import Result


def call_release():
    result: Result = (
        Workflow
        .from_loader('wf-run-manual')
        .release(
            datetime.now(tz=config.tz),
            params={"run_date": "2024-08-01"},
        )
    )
    print(result)


if __name__ == '__main__':
    call_release()
```

The log file that keep from this release:

```text
project/
 ╰─ logs/
     ╰─ workflow=wf-run-manual
         ╰─ release=20240101001011
             ╰─ 820626787820250106163236493894.log
```

## Conclusion

Commit message:

:star: hl: change hook stage to call stage.

docs/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started

This quick start use-case is getting data from external API and then prepare these
data and finally, aggregate them into the silver data zone by daily basis.

## Prerequisite

I will use only the core package of the workflow and run with manual action.

```shell
$ pip install uv
$ uv pip install -U ddeutil-workflow
```

**Project structure:**

```text
project/
 ├─ conf/
 │   ╰─ manual-workflow.yml
 ├─ logs/
 ├─ src/
 │   ╰─ calls/
 │       ├─ __init__.py
 │       ╰─ https_call.py
 ├─ main.py
 ╰─ .env
```

## Getting Started

Create initial config path at `.env`:

```dotenv
WORKFLOW_AUDIT_ENABLE_WRITE=true
WORKFLOW_CORE_REGISTRY=src
WORKFLOW_CORE_TIMEZONE=Asia/Bangkok
```

Create the first pipeline template at `./conf/manual-workflow.yml`:

```yaml title="./conf/manual-workflow.yml"
wf-run-manual:
  type: Workflow
  params:
    run_date: datetime
  jobs:
    stage-to-curated:
      stages:
        - name: "Extract data from external API"
          uses: tasks/https-external@httpx
          with:
            url: "https://some-endpoint/api/v1/extract"
            auth: "http_conn_id"
            incremental: {{ params.run_date }}
```

Create the call function that use on your stage.

```python title="./src/__init__.py"
from .https_call import *
```

```python title="./src/https_call.py"
from ddeutil.workflow.call import tag


@tag("httpx", alias="https-external")
def dummy_task_polars_dir(url: str, auth: str) -> dict[str, int]:
    print(f"Start POST: {url} with auth: {auth}")
    return {"counts": 0}
```

## Run Workflow

### Execute

At the `main.py` file:

```python title="./main.py"
from ddeutil.workflow import Workflow
from ddeutil.workflow.result import Result


def call_execute():
    result: Result = (
        Workflow
        .from_loader('wf-run-manual')
        .execute(params={"run_date": "2024-08-01"})
    )
    print(result)


if __name__ == '__main__':
    call_execute()
```

### Release

At the `main.py` file:

```python title="./main.py"
from datetime import datetime
from ddeutil.workflow import Workflow, config
from ddeutil.workflow.result import Result


def call_release():
    result: Result = (
        Workflow
        .from_loader('wf-run-manual')
        .release(
            datetime.now(tz=config.tz),
            params={"run_date": "2024-08-01"},
        )
    )
    print(result)


if __name__ == '__main__':
    call_release()
```

The log file that keep from this release:

```text
project/
 ╰─ logs/
     ╰─ workflow=wf-run-manual
         ╰─ release=20240101001011
             ╰─ 820626787820250106163236493894.log
```

## Conclusion
